hi I'm Judith Jones food and travel
editor of the gourmet Travel Lisa and
today I'm gonna be showing you how to
wash kale so once you buy your kale from
the supermarket or market bring it home
and the first thing you want to do is
wash it under tepid water so you're
gonna get your colander your kale a
plate with paper towels and right now
I'm gonna wash it thoroughly under water
so make sure the water is tepid and
we're just gonna rinse any of that
residue or soil that might be on it you
know especially if it's very fresh from
the farmers market toss it a little and
voila
so now my kale is nice and clean we're
gonna just dry it off with paper towels
some people like to put it in a salad
spinner if you want to get it really dry
if you're not using it straight away let
it dry and then you can put it in a
plastic bag some people like to put
paper towels around it and put it in the
fridge I don't think it's necessary we
can put it in a nice plastic bag and
store it at the bottom of the fridge
where the coldest part is for a few days
so that is our wash kale it's ready to
use all ready to store and that is how
you wash kale well thanks for watching
everyone don't forget to check out some
of our other fabulous videos and be sure
to subscribe to us and if you have any
questions or queries you can email us at
requests at Mahalo com thanks again
you